README.md, before:

# tf-aws-serverless-image-handler

This module provides a CloudFront distribution for image manipulation, such as resizing, quality reduction or feature detection and sources the images from an s3 bucket you provide.

CloudFront logs are stored in a provided s3 bucket, and optionally the Lambda function logs can be sent to s3 or Elasticsearch.

This solution was adapted from https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-image-handler

See https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor/wiki/security for generating safe URL's used to prevent DoS attacks. A simple Python script can be found in `tests/python/safe_url.py` for demonstration purposes.

### Request path

CloudFront -> API Gateway -> Lambda -> s3

## Supported Filters

| Filter Name |  Filter Syntax |
|-------------|----------------|
| Background color |  /filters:background_color(color)/ |
| Blur |  /filters:blur(7)/ |
| Brightness |  /filters:brightness(40)/ |
| Color fill |  /filters:fill(color)/ |
| Contrast |  /filters:contrast(40)/ |
| Convolution |  /filters:convolution(1;2;1;2;4;2;1;2;1,3,false)/ |
| Equalize |  /filters:equalize()/ |
| Format |  /filters:format(jpeg)/ |
| Grayscale |  /filters:grayscale()/ |
| Image type (jpeg,png,webp,gif) |  /filters:format(jpeg)/ |
| Max bytes |  /filters:max_bytes(40000)/ |
| Noise |  /filters:noise(40)/ |
| Quality |  /filters:quality(40)/ |
| Resize |  /fit-in/800x1000/ |
| RGB |  /filters:rgb(20,-20,40)/ |
| Rotate |  /filters:rotate(90)/ |
| Round Corner |  /filters:round_corner(20,255,255,255)/ |
| Strip ICC |  /filters:strip_icc(10)/ |
| Watermark |  /filters:watermark(https://) |
| SmartCrop |  /smart |

## Usage

A simple usage example:

```
module "serverless_image_handler" {
  source = "../"

  origin_bucket = "${aws_s3_bucket.media.id}"
  log_bucket    = "${aws_s3_bucket.logs.id}"

  cf_aliases             = ["media.trynotto.click"]
  cf_acm_certificate_arn = "${aws_acm_certificate.media.arn}"

  enable_s3_logs = true

  allow_unsafe_url = "False"
  security_key     = "testing"
}
```

An image called `face.jpg` resized to `200x200` and smart cropped can then be accessed via the safe URL:

`https://media.trynotto.click/IiQkNqQ9I8T-Jh-NLZk8F4Kwkyg=/200x200/smart/face.jpg`

More advanced options can be configured with additional variables. See below.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| allow\_unsafe\_url | Allow unencrypted URL's. | string | `"True"` | no |
| auto\_webp | Automatically return Webp format images based on the client Accept header. | string | `"False"` | no |
| aws\_endpoint | AWS s3 endpoint per region. | map | `<map>` | no |
| cf\_404\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 404 responses. | string | `"60"` | no |
| cf\_500\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 500 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_501\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 501 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_502\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 502 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_503\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 503 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_504\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 504 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_acm\_certificate\_arn | ACM certificate to use with the created CloudFront distribution. | string | n/a | yes |
| cf\_aliases | Aliases for the CloudFront distribution. | list | n/a | yes |
| cf\_compress | Enable automatic response compression. | string | `"false"` | no |
| cf\_default\_ttl | Default TTL in seconds. | string | `"86400"` | no |
| cf\_enabled | State of the CloudFront distribution. | string | `"true"` | no |
| cf\_ipv6 | Enable IPv6 on the CloudFront distribution. | string | `"true"` | no |
| cf\_log\_prefix | CloudFront log prefix. | string | `"cloudfront/"` | no |
| cf\_max\_ttl | Maximum TTL in seconds. | string | `"31536000"` | no |
| cf\_min\_ttl | Minimum TTL in seconds. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_price\_class | Price class of the CloudFront distribution. | string | `"PriceClass_All"` | no |
| cf\_ssl\_support\_method | Method by which CloudFront serves HTTPS requests. | string | `"sni-only"` | no |
| cors\_origin | Value returned by the API in the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. A star (*) value will support any origin. | string | `"*"` | no |
| cw\_log\_prefix | CloudWatch log prefix. | string | `"cloudwatch/"` | no |
| enable\_cors | Enable API Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) support. | string | `"No"` | no |
| enable\_es\_logs | Enable sending Lambda logs to Elasticsearch via Firehose. | string | `"false"` | no |
| enable\_s3\_logs | Enable sending Lambda CloudWatch logs to s3 via Firehose. | string | `"false"` | no |
| es\_logs\_domain | Elasticsearch domain ARN to send CloudWatch logs to. | string | `""` | no |
| es\_logs\_index\_name | Elasticsearch index name for CloudWatch logs. | string | `""` | no |
| es\_logs\_type\_name | Name of the log type sent to Elasticsearch from CloudWatch logs. | string | `""` | no |
| log\_bucket | Bucket where to store logs. | string | n/a | yes |
| log\_level | Lambda image handler log level. | string | `"INFO"` | no |
| log\_retention | Log retention in days. | string | `"30"` | no |
| logs\_filter\_pattern | Metric filter to filter logs sent from CloudWatch to s3 or Elasticsearch. | string | `"?\"[INFO]\" ?\"[WARNING]\" ?\"[ERROR]\""` | no |
| name | Custom name for created resources. | string | `"tf-aws-serverless-image-handler"` | no |
| origin\_bucket | Bucket where the source images reside. | string | n/a | yes |
| preserve\_exif\_info | Preserves exif information in generated images. Increases image size. | string | `"False"` | no |
| random\_byte\_length | The byte length of the random id generator used for unique resource names. | string | `"4"` | no |
| s3\_cache\_expiry | Number of days in which the cached images will expire in s3. | string | `"365"` | no |
| security\_key | Key to use to generate safe URL's. | string | `""` | no |
| send\_anonymous\_data | Send anonymous usage data to Amazon. | string | `"No"` | no |
| web\_acl\_id | WAF ACL to use with the CloudFront distribution. | string | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| cf\_domain\_name | Domain name of the created CloudFront distribution. |
| image\_handler\_bucket | Bucket created to store the Lambda function. |
| image\_handler\_log\_group | CloudWatch log group for the image handler. |
| log\_processor\_log\_group | CloudWatch log group for the log processor. |

Commit message:

Adding variables for memory size and timeout of the image Lambda function.

README.md, after:

# tf-aws-serverless-image-handler

This module provides a CloudFront distribution for image manipulation, such as resizing, quality reduction or feature detection and sources the images from an s3 bucket you provide.

CloudFront logs are stored in a provided s3 bucket, and optionally the Lambda function logs can be sent to s3 or Elasticsearch.

This solution was adapted from https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-image-handler

See https://github.com/thumbor/thumbor/wiki/security for generating safe URL's used to prevent DoS attacks. A simple Python script can be found in `tests/python/safe_url.py` for demonstration purposes.

### Request path

CloudFront -> API Gateway -> Lambda -> s3

## Supported Filters

| Filter Name |  Filter Syntax |
|-------------|----------------|
| Background color |  /filters:background_color(color)/ |
| Blur |  /filters:blur(7)/ |
| Brightness |  /filters:brightness(40)/ |
| Color fill |  /filters:fill(color)/ |
| Contrast |  /filters:contrast(40)/ |
| Convolution |  /filters:convolution(1;2;1;2;4;2;1;2;1,3,false)/ |
| Equalize |  /filters:equalize()/ |
| Format |  /filters:format(jpeg)/ |
| Grayscale |  /filters:grayscale()/ |
| Image type (jpeg,png,webp,gif) |  /filters:format(jpeg)/ |
| Max bytes |  /filters:max_bytes(40000)/ |
| Noise |  /filters:noise(40)/ |
| Quality |  /filters:quality(40)/ |
| Resize |  /fit-in/800x1000/ |
| RGB |  /filters:rgb(20,-20,40)/ |
| Rotate |  /filters:rotate(90)/ |
| Round Corner |  /filters:round_corner(20,255,255,255)/ |
| Strip ICC |  /filters:strip_icc(10)/ |
| Watermark |  /filters:watermark(https://) |
| SmartCrop |  /smart |

## Usage

A simple usage example:

```
module "serverless_image_handler" {
  source = "../"

  origin_bucket = "${aws_s3_bucket.media.id}"
  log_bucket    = "${aws_s3_bucket.logs.id}"

  cf_aliases             = ["media.trynotto.click"]
  cf_acm_certificate_arn = "${aws_acm_certificate.media.arn}"

  enable_s3_logs = true

  allow_unsafe_url = "False"
  security_key     = "testing"
}
```

An image called `face.jpg` resized to `200x200` and smart cropped can then be accessed via the safe URL:

`https://media.trynotto.click/IiQkNqQ9I8T-Jh-NLZk8F4Kwkyg=/200x200/smart/face.jpg`

More advanced options can be configured with additional variables. See below.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| allow\_unsafe\_url | Allow unencrypted URL's. | string | `"True"` | no |
| auto\_webp | Automatically return Webp format images based on the client Accept header. | string | `"False"` | no |
| aws\_endpoint | AWS s3 endpoint per region. | map | `<map>` | no |
| cf\_404\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 404 responses. | string | `"60"` | no |
| cf\_500\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 500 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_501\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 501 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_502\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 502 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_503\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 503 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_504\_min\_ttl | Minumum TTL of 504 responses. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_acm\_certificate\_arn | ACM certificate to use with the created CloudFront distribution. | string | n/a | yes |
| cf\_aliases | Aliases for the CloudFront distribution. | list | n/a | yes |
| cf\_compress | Enable automatic response compression. | string | `"false"` | no |
| cf\_default\_ttl | Default TTL in seconds. | string | `"86400"` | no |
| cf\_enabled | State of the CloudFront distribution. | string | `"true"` | no |
| cf\_ipv6 | Enable IPv6 on the CloudFront distribution. | string | `"true"` | no |
| cf\_log\_prefix | CloudFront log prefix. | string | `"cloudfront/"` | no |
| cf\_max\_ttl | Maximum TTL in seconds. | string | `"31536000"` | no |
| cf\_min\_ttl | Minimum TTL in seconds. | string | `"0"` | no |
| cf\_price\_class | Price class of the CloudFront distribution. | string | `"PriceClass_All"` | no |
| cf\_ssl\_support\_method | Method by which CloudFront serves HTTPS requests. | string | `"sni-only"` | no |
| cors\_origin | Value returned by the API in the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. A star (*) value will support any origin. | string | `"*"` | no |
| cw\_log\_prefix | CloudWatch log prefix. | string | `"cloudwatch/"` | no |
| enable\_cors | Enable API Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) support. | string | `"No"` | no |
| enable\_es\_logs | Enable sending Lambda logs to Elasticsearch via Firehose. | string | `"false"` | no |
| enable\_s3\_logs | Enable sending Lambda CloudWatch logs to s3 via Firehose. | string | `"false"` | no |
| es\_logs\_domain | Elasticsearch domain ARN to send CloudWatch logs to. | string | `""` | no |
| es\_logs\_index\_name | Elasticsearch index name for CloudWatch logs. | string | `""` | no |
| es\_logs\_type\_name | Name of the log type sent to Elasticsearch from CloudWatch logs. | string | `""` | no |
| log\_bucket | Bucket where to store logs. | string | n/a | yes |
| log\_level | Lambda image handler log level. | string | `"INFO"` | no |
| log\_retention | Log retention in days. | string | `"30"` | no |
| logs\_filter\_pattern | Metric filter to filter logs sent from CloudWatch to s3 or Elasticsearch. | string | `"?\"[INFO]\" ?\"[WARNING]\" ?\"[ERROR]\""` | no |
| memory\_size | Memory to assign to the image Lambda function. | string | `"1536"` | no |
| name | Custom name for created resources. | string | `"tf-aws-serverless-image-handler"` | no |
| origin\_bucket | Bucket where the source images reside. | string | n/a | yes |
| preserve\_exif\_info | Preserves exif information in generated images. Increases image size. | string | `"False"` | no |
| random\_byte\_length | The byte length of the random id generator used for unique resource names. | string | `"4"` | no |
| s3\_cache\_expiry | Number of days in which the cached images will expire in s3. | string | `"365"` | no |
| security\_key | Key to use to generate safe URL's. | string | `""` | no |
| send\_anonymous\_data | Send anonymous usage data to Amazon. | string | `"No"` | no |
| timeout | Timeout in seconds of the image Lambda function. | string | `"20"` | no |
| web\_acl\_id | WAF ACL to use with the CloudFront distribution. | string | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| cf\_domain\_name | Domain name of the created CloudFront distribution. |
| image\_handler\_bucket | Bucket created to store the Lambda function. |
| image\_handler\_log\_group | CloudWatch log group for the image handler. |
| log\_processor\_log\_group | CloudWatch log group for the log processor. |
